USF-2278: initial draft of changes for removing references to gdrive and sharepoint (#277)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/get-started/index.mdx

The following diagram shows the steps you'll take to create and configure your starter storefront:

<Diagram caption="Steps to create and configure your starter storefront.">
  ![Steps to create and configure your starter storefront.](images/CreateStorefrontSteps.svg)
</Diagram>

<Callouts>

1. **Create Site Repo** by generating a storefront repository from the [boilerplate template](https://github.com/hlxsites/aem-boilerplate-commerce).
1. **Link Repo to Content** using the `mountpoint` URL in the **`fstab.yaml`** in your GitHub repo. You can use [default-fstab.yaml](https://github.com/hlxsites/aem-boilerplate-commerce/blob/main/default-fstab.yaml) as a reference.
1. **Add Code Sync App** to your newly created repo. This app automatically redeploys your storefront when you push changes to the main branch. It also provides the Edge Delivery system (Helix Admin) with access to your repo so it can coordinate code changes with content changes.

> 1. **Add Content** in https://da.live/ using the [import tool](https://da.live/app/hlxsites/aem-boilerplate-commerce/tools/site-creator/site-creator) or the [site importer](https://da.live/apps/import), if you already have a site in SharePoint or Google Drive.

Reviewer: It seems like a good idea to clarify what https://da.live is since it's the first introduction of the URL.

Changed link to point to the Site Import documentation instead of the interface, which is not easy to figure out.

```suggestion
1. **Add Content** to the Document Author environment hosted at `https://da.live/` using the [import tool](https://da.live/app/hlxsites/aem-boilerplate-commerce/tools/site-creator/site-creator). If you already have a site in Sharepoint or Google Driver, you can  or the [site importer](https://da.live/docs/operations/import), if you already have a site in SharePoint or Google Drive.
```

Reviewer 2: Done.

<Task>

### Link repo to content

> Edge Delivery Services requires configuration about your site to know what to render. These include at minimum a content reference and a code reference. The simplest approach is to create those references with `fstab.yaml` but you can onboard to Config Service and define the references there if you like.

Reviewer: Suggest telling them to use `fstab.yaml` and then maybe a note about using the Config Service and why you might want to use that option. -- Oh the note is already there.

```suggestion
Edge Delivery Services requires site configuration details to know what to render. These include at minimum a content reference and a code reference. The simplest approach is to create those references in the `fstab.yaml` configuration file.
```

<Callouts>
1. Rename [default-fstab.yaml](https://github.com/hlxsites/aem-boilerplate-commerce/blob/main/default-fstab.yaml) to `fstab.yaml`.
1. Replace `{org}` and `{site}` in `fstab.yaml` using the GitHub url to determine the correct values: `https://github.com/{org}/{site}`.
1. Commit and push this change to the `main` branch of your repository.
</Callouts>
<Aside type="note" title="Config Service Approach">

>   You can onboard instead by using the Config Service via the [Helix Admin API](https://www.aem.live/docs/admin.html). To do this, please follow the steps in the [boilerplate readme](https://github.com/hlxsites/aem-boilerplate-commerce?tab=readme-ov-file#initial-setup).

Reviewer: Why would they want to use Config service instead of `fstab.yaml`?

Author: helix 4's fstab is useful for getting started quickly, since it does not require you to create a helix org.

helix 5's config service is a more scalable, managable approach and provides access to several features that are not possible with helix 4/fstab. Please see the config service documentation for more information: https://www.aem.live/docs/config-service-setup

Reviewer 2: I updated that Aside with an additional link to the https://www.aem.live/docs/config-service-setup.

<Task>

### Link repo to content

Edge Delivery Services requires site configuration details to know what to render. These include at minimum a content reference and a code reference. The simplest approach is to create those references in the `fstab.yaml` configuration file.

<Callouts>
1. Rename [default-fstab.yaml](https://github.com/hlxsites/aem-boilerplate-commerce/blob/main/default-fstab.yaml) to `fstab.yaml`.
1. Replace `{org}` and `{site}` in `fstab.yaml` using the GitHub url to determine the correct values: `https://github.com/{org}/{site}`.
1. Commit and push this change to the `main` branch of your repository.
</Callouts>

<Aside type="note" title="Config Service Approach">
  You can onboard instead by using the Config Service via the [Helix Admin API](https://www.aem.live/docs/admin.html). To do this, follow the steps in the [boilerplate readme](https://github.com/hlxsites/aem-boilerplate-commerce?tab=readme-ov-file#initial-setup). See the Configuration Service documentation for more information: https://www.aem.live/docs/config-service-setup
</Aside>

</Task>

<Task>

> ### Add Code Sync app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Add the Code Sync app
```

Reviewer 2: Resolved in https://github.com/commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront/pull/286

<Task>

### Add content

Now let's create and set up the content side of your storefront. We'll create a new folder and share it with Edge Delivery Services.

Follow these steps to create your https://da.live content folder.

<Aside type="note" title="Demo Content">
If you do not want demo content, you can create a file in https://da.live/#/{org}/{site}/ replacing `{org}` and `{site}` with your own. This will "reserve" the org and site for you.
</Aside>

<Callouts>
1. Open the [demo content clone tool](https://da.live/app/hlxsites/aem-boilerplate-commerce/tools/site-creator/site-creator).

> 1. Copy your GitHub repository url to the input field and click "Create site".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy your GitHub repository url to the input field and click **Create site**.
```

> 1. Follow the prompts, and by the end the content will have been copied to your destination folder.

Reviewer: Where is the destination folder?  It's a bit confusing what da.live is -- Document authoring -- maybe add to the vocabulary list, or reference the [Getting Started - Document Authoring (DA) Developer Tutorial](https://www.aem.live/developer/da-tutorial#:~:text=One%20of%20the%20unique%20features,preview%2C%20version%20of%20your%20page)

Would be useful to include screen cap of the initializer your storefront content page after you create the site.  
![Screenshot 2025-05-12 at 4 28 37 PM](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5af6a1c7-b45c-4f5d-9ea2-464bd2ab4275)

Author: Should we just switch `destination folder` with `content folder`? Or `destination content folder`?

Reviewer 2: I went with the simple "content folder."

1. You may have to manually preview or publish the content, depending on whether you followed the prerequisites.
</Callouts>
</Task>

<Task>

### Link repo to commerce data

Linking your storefront repo to your commerce data can be done in two ways:

> 1. Use [AEM's Configuration Service](https://www.aem.live/docs/config-service-setup) and the `PublicConfig` schema from the Site Config API docs [https://www.aem.live/docs/admin.html#tag/siteConfig] (https://www.aem.live/docs/admin.html#tag/siteConfig).

Reviewer: The siteConfig page this points to is more of a reference page, and it doesn't seem very helpful. In the note above, there's link to the readme that provides more helpful instructions: https://github.com/hlxsites/aem-boilerplate-commerce?tab=readme-ov-file#initial-setup .  I think it's better to just give them the `fstab.yaml` option for initial set up.

```suggestion
1. Use [AEM's Configuration Service](https://www.aem.live/docs/config-service-setup) and the `PublicConfig` schema from the [Site Config API docs(https://www.aem.live/docs/admin.html#tag/siteConfig).
```

> 1. Use the `config.json` in your storefront repo (templated from the boilerplate). This JSON object overrides the key-values found in the `PublicConfig` schema. You can use [demo-config.json](https://github.com/hlxsites/aem-boilerplate-commerce/blob/main/demo-config.json) as a reference: [https://github.com/hlxsites/aem-boilerplate-commerce/blob/main/demo-config.json](https://github.com/hlxsites/aem-boilerplate-commerce/blob/main/demo-config.json).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use the `config.json` in your storefront repo (templated from the boilerplate). This JSON object overrides the key-values found in the `PublicConfig` schema. You can use [demo-config.json](https://github.com/hlxsites/aem-boilerplate-commerce/blob/main/demo-config.json) as a reference.
```

Reviewer: I'm referencing the [Storefront configuration topic](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/developer/commerce/storefront/setup/configuration/commerce-configuration/)  to try to complete the fields in the config.json file.   We should add a link to the storefront configuration topic from this step to help them complete the config.json.     

"cs": {
          "Magento-Customer-Group": "b6589fc6ab0dc82cf12099d1c2d40ab994e8410c",
          "Magento-Store-Code": "main_website_store",
          "Magento-Store-View-Code": "default",
          "Magento-Website-Code": "base",
          "x-api-key": "4dfa19c9fe6f4cccade55cc5b3da94f7",
          "Magento-Environment-Id": "f38a0de0-764b-41fa-bd2c-5bc2f3c7b39a"
        }
        
        For ACCS:
        - where do I get the API key? I am not sure if this is required for ACCS -- since it doesn't need services connector
        - what is the environment ID -- is it the same as the tenant ID?  Is this field required for ACCS customers?

</Task>

<Task>

### Install Sidekick

{/* <Diagram caption="Set up Sidekick.">![Set up Sidekick.](images/setup-sidekick.webp)</Diagram> */}

1. Review documentation about using and installing [the AEM Sidekick](https://www.aem.live/docs/sidekick).
1. If you are using the Config Service, you should ensure the `sidekick` property of your config with the below at minimum:

> 1. If you are not using the Config Service, you need to create a file in your code repo at `tools/sidekick/config.json` with the below at minimum.

Reviewer: It would be great if there was a default sidekick config.json already available in the boilerplate -- similar to the one provided on the ACO branch.   See https://github.com/hlxsites/aem-boilerplate-commerce/blob/aco/tools/sidekick/config.json

What are you supposed to use for {{pathname}}?

Author: You mean like this one: https://github.com/hlxsites/aem-boilerplate-commerce/blob/main/demo-sidekick.json 😃 

But also I think the demo file is missing some details like editUrlLabel/Pattern for some reason..

Reviewer 2: @sirugh Yeah, I noticed that. For now, I'm just going to leave the minimum config values as they were:
```
{
  "project": "My Project",
  "editUrlLabel": "Document Authoring",
  "editUrlPattern": "https://da.live/edit#/{{org}}/{{site}}/{{pathname}}",
}
```

Author: There should NOT be a slash between pathname and site.

Author: <img width="627" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/aaa4b445-bd1f-42af-b009-4bd20d0321c4" />

Here is an example from adobe-demo-store config.

  ```json
  {
    "project": "My Project",
    "editUrlLabel": "Document Authoring",

>     "editUrlPattern": "https://da.live/edit#/{{org}}/{{site}}{{pathname}}",

Reviewer: I am not sure about whether pathname needs to be specified.  I used "https://da.live/edit#/meker12/storefront-config-upates/" 

```suggestion
    "editUrlPattern": "https://da.live/edit#/{{org}}/{{site}}/{{pathname}}",
```

Author: It does not - there should _NOT_ be a slash between `{{site}}` and `{{pathname}}`.

  }
  ```

<Aside type="note" title="">

> You can now use Sidekick to **Preview**, **Publish**, and **Edit** all your files directly from your content folder. Take a moment to select any file in your folder, select the Sidekick extension, and choose the Sidekick options to get familiar with how Sidekick works. Visit the [Sidekick documentation](https://www.aem.live/docs/sidekick) for more information on how to use Sidekick to manage your storefront content.

Reviewer: So in the DA authoring environment, I don't see the sidekick extension.  If I open a file, I do see the Preview and Publish options after clicking the "Send" icon.  
![da-live-preview-publish](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4a54c497-51ce-4739-a115-31b48544057c)

In the file list view, there is a red bar for file operations (rename, copy, cut, delete).

![da-live-file-list](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b9e4b72c-21db-4d4a-861e-1cac9b25b2c5)

Author: I do not think sidekick is used in DA - but it IS used to navigate from the published site _back_ to the content file, such as when you are on the page, like https://main--aem-boilerplate-commerce--hlxsites.aem.page/,  and click "edit" in sidekick.

Reviewer 2: I remove that paragraph in favor of this:

```
<Aside type="note" title="Detailed Sidekick information">
Visit the [Sidekick documentation](https://www.aem.live/docs/sidekick) for more information on how to use Sidekick to manage your storefront content.
</Aside>
```

</Aside>
</Task>

<Task>

### Set up local environment

<Steps>

> 1. Go to your GitHub repo and select the **Code** button to copy the repo's git URL for cloning (HTTPS or SSH).

Reviewer: Boilerplate doesn't deliver Citi signal branded site.  It's this one:
![boilerplate-site](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4fea80b1-28da-431f-b8c3-285135a38acb)

<Task>

### Add content

Now let's create and initialize the content side of your storefront. We'll create a new folder and share it with Edge Delivery Services.
Follow these steps to create your https://da.live content folder.

<Aside type="note" title="Demo Content">

> If you do not want demo content, you can create a file in https://da.live/#/{org}/{site}/ replacing `{org}` and `{site}` with your own. This will "reserve" the org and site for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not want demo content, you can create a file in https://da.live/#/{org}/{site}/ replacing `{org}` and `{site}` with your own. This reserves the org and site for you to add your own content.
```

Reviewer 2: Resolved in https://github.com/commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront/pull/286

</Aside>

<Callouts>
1. Open the [demo content clone tool](https://da.live/app/hlxsites/aem-boilerplate-commerce/tools/site-creator/site-creator).
1. Copy your GitHub repository url to the input field and click **Create site**.

> 1. Follow the prompts, and by the end the content will have been copied to your content folder.

Reviewer: so when I used the site clone tool, it ran the preview and publish for me which I could track by following the messages.

1. You may have to manually preview or publish the content, depending on whether you followed the prerequisites.
</Callouts>

<Diagram caption="Initialize your storefront content">
  ![Initialize your storefront content](images/initialize-content.webp)
</Diagram>

</Task>

<Task>

### Link repo to commerce data

Linking your storefront repo to your commerce data can be done in two ways:

> 1. Use [AEM's Configuration Service](https://www.aem.live/docs/config-service-setup) and the `PublicConfig` schema from the [Site Config API docs(https://www.aem.live/docs/admin.html#tag/siteConfig).

Reviewer: This is still confusing. You need to specify the Commerce headers, which isn't mentioned in the provided references-- the example [default-site-config.json](https://github.com/hlxsites/aem-boilerplate-commerce/blob/main/default-site.json) in the Commerce boilerplate shows the values required.  And the instructions in the [readme](https://github.com/hlxsites/aem-boilerplate-commerce/blob/main/README.md) provide the API requests to use the config service.  

How does a person know when/why to use the different methods?

Reviewer 2: Oh yeah, that should have been removed. Fixing.

Reviewer 2: Resolved in https://github.com/commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront/pull/286
